Add extension for auth context (#1)
inlined/cloudevents: cloudevents/extensions/authcontext.md

# Auth Context Extension

This extension embeds information about the principal which triggered an occurence. This allows consumers of the
CloudEvent to perform user-dependent actions without requiring the user ID to

> be embedded in the `data` or `source` field (e.g. a data layout that embeds user IDs in the `source`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
be embedded in the `data` or in the `source` attribute.
```

(I don't think we need to give an example of what isn't required... and talking about "data layout" having mentioned data in a different context is potentially a little confusing. Basically, I think the meaning is clearer without the example in this particular case.)

Author: Removed.

"RECOMMENDED", "MAY", and "OPTIONAL" in this document are to be interpreted as
described in [RFC 2119](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc2119).

However, the scope of these key words is limited to when this extension is
used. For example, an attribute being marked as "REQUIRED" does not mean
it needs to be in all CloudEvents, rather it needs to be included only when 
this extension is being used.

## Attributes

### authtype

- Type: `String`
- Description: An enum representing the type of principal that triggered the occurence.
Valid values are:
  - `app_user`: An end user of an application. Examples include an AWS cognito,
    Google Cloud Identity Platform, or Azure Active Directory user.
  - `user`: A user account registered in the infrastructure. Examples include
    developer accounts secured by IAM in AWS, Google Cloud Platform, or Azure.
  - `service_account`: A non-user principal used to identify a service.
  - `api_key`: A non-user API key
  - `system`: An obscured identity used when a cloud platform or other system
    service triggers an event. Examples may include a database record which
    was deleted based on a TTL.
- Constriants
  - REQUIRED

>   - MUST be one of the above enum values

Reviewer: Any fixed list of strings makes me nervous. I don't have any better suggestions, but it feels unlikely that we've captured the complete set that we'll need for all time ;)

To put it another way: if someone has a principal which doesn't easily fit into any of these buckets, should they just not use the extension? Or file a PR to add to the list?

Author: I've relaxed the language to use SHOULD. In general I'd suggest they add a PR to the extension; would mentioning such be part of the extension definition?

Reviewer: I think it would be good to include that, yes. But then I'm rather more focused on evolution than most :)

### authclaims
- Type: `String`
- Description: A JSON string representing claims of the principal that triggered
  the event. This field MAY be omitted.
- Constraints
  - OPTIONAL

>   - In order to support HTTP binary encoding, authclaims MUST NOT

Reviewer: No need for this - the HTTP binding specifies appropriate encoding. The newline would end up percent-encoded.

Author: Thanks. Removed.

  contain a newline character.

>   - MUST NOT contain actual credentials sufficient for the Consumer to impersonate the principal directly. MAY contain enough information that the Consumer may generate a new token for impersonation.

Reviewer: Presumably this "MAY" is in terms of "If I've already got private keys covering multiple users, all I need to know is which user is responsible"? I suspect we may want to flesh this out a bit.

Possibly put the second sentence in a new bullet point?

Author: How do you like the new prose?

Reviewer: I suspect it's fine - I don't have sufficient domain knowledge to vet it, really. I think it's fine to go to the working group as it is.

# Auth Context Extension

This extension embeds information about the principal which triggered an occurence. This allows consumers of the
CloudEvent to perform user-dependent actions without requiring the user ID to
be embedded in the `data` or `source` field.

This extension is purely informational and is not intended to secure CloudEvents.

## Notational Conventions

As with the main [CloudEvents specification](../spec.md), the key words "MUST",
"MUST NOT", "REQUIRED", "SHALL", "SHALL NOT", "SHOULD", "SHOULD NOT",
"RECOMMENDED", "MAY", and "OPTIONAL" in this document are to be interpreted as
described in [RFC 2119](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc2119).

However, the scope of these key words is limited to when this extension is
used. For example, an attribute being marked as "REQUIRED" does not mean
it needs to be in all CloudEvents, rather it needs to be included only when 
this extension is being used.

> ## Attributes

Reviewer 2: Should there be an `authid` attribute as well since it's unlikely that eventing systems will be able to filter on parsed JSON of the `authclaims`?

Scenario: I want to only listen to events that were triggered by a specific related machine account for my trigger.

Author: Sounds good. I also like that this is easier to use in CF3 than "event.authclaims?.uid" and it reduces the need for a service account token to fetch claims with an extra RPC.

# Auth Context Extension

This extension embeds information about the principal which triggered an occurence. This allows consumers of the
CloudEvent to perform user-dependent actions without requiring the user ID to
be embedded in the `data` or `source` field.

This extension is purely informational and is not intended to secure CloudEvents.

## Notational Conventions

As with the main [CloudEvents specification](../spec.md), the key words "MUST",
"MUST NOT", "REQUIRED", "SHALL", "SHALL NOT", "SHOULD", "SHOULD NOT",
"RECOMMENDED", "MAY", and "OPTIONAL" in this document are to be interpreted as
described in [RFC 2119](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc2119).

However, the scope of these key words is limited to when this extension is
used. For example, an attribute being marked as "REQUIRED" does not mean
it needs to be in all CloudEvents, rather it needs to be included only when 
this extension is being used.

## Attributes

### authtype

- Type: `String`
- Description: An enum representing the type of principal that triggered the occurence.

> Valid values are:

Reviewer 3: Could we have an "unauthenticated" type ?

Thinking about v1 Firebase authentication field that could be an empty proto representing that it was unauthenticated. Or would that case implies this attribute is not populated at all?

  - `app_user`: An end user of an application. Examples include an AWS cognito,
    Google Cloud Identity Platform, or Azure Active Directory user.
  - `user`: A user account registered in the infrastructure. Examples include
    developer accounts secured by IAM in AWS, Google Cloud Platform, or Azure.
  - `service_account`: A non-user principal used to identify a service.
  - `api_key`: A non-user API key
  - `system`: An obscured identity used when a cloud platform or other system
    service triggers an event. Examples may include a database record which
    was deleted based on a TTL.

> - Constriants

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Constraints
```

  - REQUIRED
  - SHOULD be one of the above enum values
  - If the enum values are not sufficient for a Producer, they SHOULD amend this spec to include the new enum value.

### authid
- Type: `String`

> - Description: A unique identifier of the principal that triggered the occurence. This might, for example, be a unique ID in an identity database (userID), an email of a platform user or service account, or the label for an API key.

Reviewer 3: `occurrence`

> - Description: A unique identifier of the principal that triggered the occurence. This might, for example, be a unique ID in an identity database (userID), an email of a platform user or service account, or the label for an API key.

Reviewer 3: Typo in `occurence` -> `occurrence`

> - Description: A unique identifier of the principal that triggered this Occurance. This may, for example, be a unique ID in an identity database (userID), an email of a platform user or service account, or the label for an API key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Description: A unique identifier of the principal that triggered the occurence. This may, for example, be a unique ID in an identity database (userID), an email of a platform user or service account, or the label for an API key.
```

> - Constriants

Reviewer 3: Typo: 
Constraints
